hey guys so I wanted to do quick review
on two of the rushed hair treatments
that I have the hewan one wah and the
jasmine and henna
Fluffy's you get seven point nine ounces
in the container each container the
Jasmine cost around twenty three dollars
the wand when whatever cost around
twenty one dollars
so what makes these unique to me is
these are treatments that you use before
you shampoo while your hair is dry so
for even what your hair which is
convenient because you don't always like
I don't like just wet my hair and then
put it treatment in anyway while my hair
is wet and then you know go back in it's
kind of a little annoying so it's a lot
easier to put it on dry hair so you put
it on dry hair and you leave for about
leave in for about twenty minutes which
is quite convenient however the other
side of it is that because you are
putting it on dry hair your hair is
gonna really soak up a lot more so one
of these containers might last me two
treatments and it's not unheard of if
you have quite long hair that use the
entire container at once which I mean
considering the price is a bit hefty I'd
say each container lasts me two to three
uses so yeah it can get a bit on the
pricey side now let me just talk about
each one specifically let's start with
the blonde one wah this says a
nutritious vitamin rich matthew improves
the strength shine condition and
happiness of your hair and scalp now the
scent of this is kind of a nutmeggy
cinnamon scent which is really good I
like it and you can see the consistency
is a bit of a thick lotion um when it
does leave a scent in your hair but it's
very light it's nothing that's gonna be
irritating or annoying
and now as far as how well did it help
my scalp to be honest I don't know
because I really use this twice and I
don't know it really wasn't so
significant for me to completely you
know to notice a great significant
significant difference but I did like I
mean I like the concept I like the way
it felt I like the way it smelled
I have also combined these two where I
put this one just on my scalp and this
one everywhere else so it's been kind of
fun to play around with will I
repurchase this not anytime soon I like
it enough I just you know I maybe I
would purchase it if I just want to try
it again later on but I do like it and
it's nice to try so I would recommend if
you want to try something out that's
specifically for your scalp maybe you're
having some problems with your scalp
it's a good thing to give a girl just
try and get a sample of now for the
jasmine and henna fluff ease this is a
pre wash treatment to get control of
fluffy untamed tresses and leave them
calm smooth and shiny
not to mention spelling irresistible
sexy so this obviously the jasmine and
henna fluffy smells like jasmine what's
interesting is when you smell it right
out of the container
it's a bitter jasmine so when I first
smelled it I was a bit hesitant to use
it because like I said it was kind of
bitter but once you actually use it and
you wash it over your hair you hair
smells amazing
I couldn't stop smelling my hair it was
this beautiful sweet Jasmine scent that
I just loved this is how the product
looks so again kind of lotion you
this is actually my second container so
I've already repurchase and you can see
I've have looked basically one use I'll
probably just combine these two and I'll
finish them up in one use when I combine
them now does it leave my hair calm and
you know kind of get rid of a lot of the
frizz and you can see I've very curly
frizzy hair this is my natural hair
again I don't know because it depends
depends on the humidity in the air
depends on what's going on what I'm
doing am i straining it so it's a little
difficult for me to tell but this stuff
smells amazing I love the way it makes
my hair smell and that's probably been
the driving force that has kind of
pushed me to repurchase it and I do have
a lot of frizz so basically any help I
can get I'll take the concept of putting
the mask on before you shampoo and
condition is genius to me because
especially in the winter when I'm not
gonna go go in and out of my tub I'm not
gonna try and just wet my hair and then
try and put the mask on and whatever the
matter I can put it on dry hair just
makes the product very convenient for me
which kind of leads me to looking at the
lush hair treatments because I really
love that idea so I hope this helps you
decide if you want to purchase one of
them personally I think they're both fun
to purchase fun to try they'll be worth
it overall my favorite is ugly - jasmine
and henna mainly the scent is just
amazing I will be repurchasing this
again I know I know I walk because the
descent is amazing and like I said I do
have very frizzy hair so anyhow any help
that I can get I'm gonna go for it yeah
you know none of these are miracle
treatments none of these especially what
you have my type of hair but they do you
know did you do how it was very than
nothing
basically so I hope this helped you guys
um if I miss something you guys have
more questions feel free to ask I'll do
my best to answer and thank you for
watching take care everyone